faq.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

## FAQs

### What is Benoth Sura?

Benoth Sura is the first Iraqi egalitarian minyan in the Northwest. Probably the first in North America. Possibly the first in the world, but we're not sure.

### Why "Benoth Sura"?

See ["What's in a Name?"](./name.html) for an explanation of the name.

### Is Benoth Sura associated with a synagogue?

No, we are lay-led and unaffiliated with any synagogue or movement.

### Egalitarian? Really?

Yes! Really!

### But I'm not Mizrahi. Can I still come?

Yes, please! Everyone is welcome.

### But I don't know Iraqi nusah.

We're all here to learn together! You can also check out our recordings on our [music page](./music.html).

### I can't read Hebrew. What am I going to do?

We have transliteration (based on Iraqi pronunciation) available, written specifically for Benoth Sura. If you want to learn Hebrew, let us know.

### What siddur do you use?

Our leaders use Siddur Avodath Hashem. We are working on putting together our own siddur that will have Hebrew, transliteration, and translation side-by-side.

### I want to learn Iraqi nusah/help others learn nusah/help in some other way.

Hooray! [Email us](mailto:BenothSura@gmail.com) to get involved!

Commit message:

edit out music page temporarily

faq.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

## FAQs

### What is Benoth Sura?

Benoth Sura is the first Iraqi egalitarian minyan in the Northwest. Probably the first in North America. Possibly the first in the world, but we're not sure.

### Why "Benoth Sura"?

See ["What's in a Name?"](./name.html) for an explanation of the name.

### Is Benoth Sura associated with a synagogue?

No, we are lay-led and unaffiliated with any synagogue or movement.

### Egalitarian? Really?

Yes! Really!

### But I'm not Mizrahi. Can I still come?

Yes, please! Everyone is welcome.

### But I don't know Iraqi nusah.

We're all here to learn together! Feel free to hum along or just listen.

### I can't read Hebrew. What am I going to do?

We have transliteration (based on Iraqi pronunciation) available, written specifically for Benoth Sura. If you want to learn Hebrew, let us know.

### What siddur do you use?

Our leaders use Siddur Avodath Hashem. We are working on putting together our own siddur that will have Hebrew, transliteration, and translation side-by-side.

### I want to learn Iraqi nusah/help others learn nusah/help in some other way.

Hooray! [Email us](mailto:BenothSura@gmail.com) to get involved!
